Add TLSRoute type listener (Gateway API support) (#12747)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/overview/con-configuration-points-listener-names.adoc

|===
| Listener type | Bootstrap service name | Per-Broker service name
| `internal` | <cluster_name>-kafka-bootstrap | _Not applicable_
| `loadbalancer`, `nodeport`, `ingress`, `route`, `tlsroute`, `cluster-ip`
| <cluster_name>-kafka-<listener-name>-bootstrap | <cluster_name>-kafka-<listener-name>-<idx>
|===

For example, `my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap`, `my-cluster-kafka-external1-bootstrap`, and `my-cluster-kafka-external1-0`.

> The names are assigned to the services, routes, load balancers, ingresses, and TLSRoutes created through the listener configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The names are assigned to the services, routes, load balancers, ingresses, and Gateway API TLS routes generated through the listener configuration.
```
